Pagination `hasMorePages` (#1538)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/components/pagination/react.mdx

<PaginationDemo isDemo={false} />

> ### Paginating at an API level

Reviewer: Nice!

> If you need to use the Pagination component with an API where the total number of pages is unknown until you reach the last page of data, then `totalPages` will indicate the total pages of content loaded from the API *so far*, and `hasMorePages` will indicate when the end of the data has been reached (and thus the Pagination component's next button will be disabled). See below for a contrived example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's common to use a paged API where the total number of pages in the dataset is unknown until you've reached the final page. To use the Pagination component in this scenario, set the `totalPages` prop to the total pages of content loaded from the API *so far*, and set `hasMorePages` initially to `true` (which enables the next button to be clicked to trigger another API call). Update the `totalPages` as you fetch more data. Once you reach the end of the data, set the `hasMorePages` to false (and thus the Pagination component's next button will be disabled). See below for a contrived example:
```

Author: Excellent explanation 👍
